.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing to wp-e2e-webdriver

Hi! Thank you for your interest in contributing to wp-e2e-webdriver, we really
appreciate it.

There are many ways to contribute – reporting bugs, feature suggestions, fixing bugs,
submitting pull requests for enhancements.

## Reporting Bugs, Asking Questions, Sending Suggestions

Just file a GitHub issue, that’s all. If you want to prefix the title with a
“Question:”, “Bug:”, or the general area of the application, that would be helpful,
but by no means mandatory. If you have write access, add the appropriate labels.

If you’re filing a bug, specific steps to reproduce are helpful. Please include
the what you expected to see and what happened instead.

## Development Workflow

### Tests

To run the test:

```
$ npm test
```

If files in [`src` directory](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/src)
is updated, make sure the test still passed.

See existing tests in [`test` directory](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/test)
as an example a test should be written.

### Publishing to NPM

Make sure to bump the version, for example to bump minor version:

```
$ git checkout master
$ npm version minor
```

This will run build, creates the git tag, and push it to remote origin.

For publishing, run:

```
$ npm run pre-publish
$ npm publish
```

## Generating Docs

We use [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/) to generate for API documentation and [tutorials](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/docs/tutorials). To generate the eocs run:

```
$ npm run docs:generate
```

After generating the documentation for a new version, remember to update the two links in the README.md file.

Commit message:

Added update-deps in npm scripts.
Resolves #29.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to wp-e2e-webdriver

Hi! Thank you for your interest in contributing to wp-e2e-webdriver, we really
appreciate it.

There are many ways to contribute – reporting bugs, feature suggestions, fixing bugs,
submitting pull requests for enhancements.

## Reporting Bugs, Asking Questions, Sending Suggestions

Just file a GitHub issue, that’s all. If you want to prefix the title with a
“Question:”, “Bug:”, or the general area of the application, that would be helpful,
but by no means mandatory. If you have write access, add the appropriate labels.

If you’re filing a bug, specific steps to reproduce are helpful. Please include
the what you expected to see and what happened instead.

## Development Workflow

### Tests

To run the test:

```
$ npm test
```

If files in [`src` directory](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/src)
is updated, make sure the test still passed.

See existing tests in [`test` directory](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/test)
as an example a test should be written.

### Publishing to NPM

Make sure to bump the version, for example to bump minor version:

```
$ git checkout master
$ npm version minor
```

This will run build, creates the git tag, and push it to remote origin.

For publishing, run:

```
$ npm run pre-publish
$ npm publish
```

## Updating dependencies

If you don't edit `package.json` directly, you shouldn't need to do anything.
For example, if you run `npm install --save left-pad`, the `npm-shrinkwrap.json`
file will be updated automatically.

If you edit `package.json` manually, or you want to bump all our transitive
dependencies to their most recent version, you'll need to run `npm run update-deps`
(that will take a while). Internally, the script does the following:

* Deletes local node_modules
* Deletes your local copy of npm-shrinkwrap.json.
* Runs `npm install --no-optional` twice. Due to npm 3 quirks, we need to call
  this twice before packages fully resolve themselves.
* Runs `npm shrinkwrap --dev` to generate a new `npm-shrinkwrap.json`.

## Generating Docs

We use [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/) to generate for API documentation and [tutorials](https://github.com/woocommerce/wp-e2e-webdriver/tree/master/docs/tutorials). To generate the eocs run:

```
$ npm run docs:generate
```

After generating the documentation for a new version, remember to update the two links in the README.md file.
